Uyuni server upgrade keichwa (#385)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/upgrade/pages/server-intro-uyuni.adoc

[[server-upgrade-intro]]
= Upgrade the Server

{productname} uses a rolling release versioning schema.

> Every Release notes provide information whether the xref:upgrade:server-minor-upgrade-uyuni.adoc[] or xref:upgrade:server-major-upgrade-uyuni.adoc[] upgrade strategy is suitable to upgrade to the next version.

Reviewer: I don't understand this sentence.

Author: ```suggestion
In the release notes you will find information which upgrade strategy is suitable to upgrade to the next version:
```

Author: > I don't understand this sentence.

Can you please check again now?

Minor Upgrades::

> See xref:upgrade:server-minor-upgrade-uyuni.adoc[].

Author: ```suggestion
You can consider minor upgrades as regular upgrades.
For more information, see xref:upgrade:server-minor-upgrade-uyuni.adoc[].
```

Major Upgrades::

> Components such as the base operating system, Salt, or the PostgreSQL database will be upgraded.

Author: ```suggestion
You can consider major upgrades as special upgrades.
In this case components such as the base operating system, Salt, or the PostgreSQL database will be upgraded.
```

> See xref:upgrade:server-major-upgrade-uyuni.adoc[].

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:upgrade:server-major-upgrade-uyuni.adoc[].
```

[[server-upgrade-intro]]
= Upgrade the Server

{productname} uses a rolling release versioning schema.

> In the release notes you will find information which upgrade strategy is suitable to upgrade to the next version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the release notes for information about which upgrade strategy to use to upgrade to the next version:
```
